Update non-delivery-reports-in-exchange-online.md (#2893)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeOnline/mail-flow-best-practices/non-delivery-reports-in-exchange-online/non-delivery-reports-in-exchange-online.md

When there's a problem delivering an email message that you sent, Microsoft 365 or Office 365 sends an email to let you know. The email you receive is a delivery status notification, also known as a DSN or bounce message. The most common type is called a non-delivery report (NDR) and they tell you that a message wasn't delivered. Non-delivery can be caused by something as simple as a typo in an email address. NDRs include an error code that indicates why your email wasn't delivered, solutions to help you get your email delivered, a link to more help on the web, and technical details for administrators. Find out [What's included in an NDR?](#whats-included-in-an-ndr).

> ## Run Non-delivery report (NDR) diagnostics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Run non-delivery report diagnostics
```

> You can run an automated diagnostic to know more about the decription of the NDR, possible cause and solution by running the following NDR diagnostic. Please find the NDR code or Status code from the Undeliverable/Non-Delivery Report. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run an automated diagnostic to know more about the description of the NDR, possible cause, and solution by running the following NDR diagnostic. Find the NDR code or status code from the undeliverable/non-delivery report. 
```

> You can run an automated diagnostic to find out more about the description of the non-delivery report (NDR), possible cause, and solution by running the following NDR diagnostic. Make sure you get the NDR code or status code from the undeliverable/non-delivery report. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can run an automated diagnostic to learn more about the description of the non-delivery report (NDR), possible cause, and solution by running the following NDR diagnostic. Make sure you get the NDR code or status code from the undeliverable/non-delivery report. 
```

> To run the diagnostic check, click the button below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find the NDR code or status code from the undeliverable/non-delivery report.  To run the diagnostic check, click the following button: 
```

> [!div class="nextstepaction"]
> [Run Tests: NDR diagnostics](https://aka.ms/PillarEmailNDR)

> A flyout page opens in the Microsoft 365 admin center. Paste the NDR code or eror message and and click **Run Tests**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A flyout page opens in the Microsoft 365 admin center. Paste the NDR code or error message and select **Run Tests**.
```

> A flyout page opens in the Microsoft 365 admin center. Paste the NDR code or error message and select **Run Tests**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A flyout page opens in the Microsoft 365 admin center. Paste the NDR code or error message, and then select **Run Tests**.
```
